Welcome to The Complete Guide to Svelte and Sveltekit.
In this course, we are going to explore everything from building reactive UI components with svelte
to creating full stack, high performance web applications with Sveltekit.
My name is Ali and I've been working as a web developer for years, creating both web and mobile applications
and sharing my knowledge through online courses that have received thousands of positive reviews over
the years.
I have tried many libraries and frameworks, but when I discovered svelte, it instantly became one
of my favorites.
I truly enjoy working with it and even built my personal website with it.
I created this course to share everything I've learned about Svelte and Sveltekit.
By the end, you will be able to build reusable reactive components with svelte and build fast, SEO
friendly full stack web applications with Sveltekit.
This course is divided into two parts.
The first eight sections in this course are dedicated to svelte.
We are going to discuss everything about svelte from scratch.
We will discuss signal based reactivity, which is the way svelte uses in order to efficiently update
certain parts of the Dom.
And then we will start by creating simple components.
And then we are going to gradually progress into more complex components and more advanced topics like
deep state reactivity, universal reactivity, the context API, animations, transitions, and more.
The remaining sections are all about sveltekit.
While svelte helps you build components, Sveltekit lets you build full applications with routing,
server side rendering, and back end capabilities, allowing you to create full stack applications.
We're going to discuss everything about Sveltekit from how to create pages layouts, how to load data
on the server and on the client, how to handle errors, How to submit data to your server in a progressively
enhanced way.
We will also set up a Postgres database and interact with it with drizzle ORM in order to create a full
stack application.
In addition to that, we are going to handle authentication and authorization.
And finally deploy our app to different hosting services.
You will gain the skills to build a robust, fast and secure application that work even without JavaScript.
The main requirements for this course is JavaScript and also some TypeScript.
However, we will also use PostgreSQL and drizzle ORM in few sections, so basic knowledge of SQL will
be helpful.
We will write queries, join tables and stuff like that, but I won't be covering SQL from scratch.
So if you are excited to learn Svelte and Sveltekit and want to start building high performance modern
web applications, join us now and I will see you inside the course.